Mr. Sun, why are you here?
Lord Zhou
I came here today to take my son away
Hahaha joke
Suspected of kidnapping for ransom
And set up a private hall
Did you take it away if you wanted?
You're taking me too seriously
If I say it means Concubine De
Concubine De cannot blatantly violate the laws of the country
Private release
You can't tell me that
Why don't you tell Concubine De yourself?
And you said my son was a suspect
You have proof?
Ah!
This little friend
This private commune thing
I think it's a misunderstanding
What do you think?
Infinite others is a felony
You think about it
Otherwise, your family will go out in the future
Will there be any accidents?
I can't guarantee it.
How dare you threaten me?
Not a threat
I'm just reminding you to speak well
Kemo Tzu
Enough, Sun Li
This is the Criminal Department
Not your household department
If you dare to speak wildly in court again
Don't blame this officer for severely punishing you.
Are you scaring me?
Is this official afraid of you?
Lord Sun, you are so powerful
Lord Kim Jong Un